Various documentation improvements (#547)
NVIDIA/cuda-python: cuda_bindings/docs/source/install.md

### Requirements

* CUDA Toolkit headers[^1]

> * static CUDA runtime[^2]

Author: cc @isvoid for vis

Reviewer: Does it make more sense to call this the `CUDA Runtime Static Library`? Also `Runtime` is capitalized in NVIDIA docs, so capitalizing here.
```suggestion
* CUDA Runtime static library[^2]
```

### Requirements

* CUDA Toolkit headers[^1]
* static CUDA runtime[^2]

[^1]: User projects that `cimport` CUDA symbols in Cython must also use CUDA Toolkit (CTK) types as provided by the `cuda.bindings` major.minor version. This results in CTK headers becoming a transitive dependency of downstream projects through CUDA Python.

> [^2]: The static CUDA runtime (`libcudart_static.a` on Linux, `cudart_static.lib` on Windows) is part of CUDA Toolkit. If CUDA is installed from conda, it is contained in the `cuda-cudart-static` package.

Reviewer: > If CUDA is installed from conda
This is a bit ambiguous because of drivers vs libraries. Tried to make it clearer here.

```suggestion
[^2]: The CUDA Runtime static library (`libcudart_static.a` on Linux, `cudart_static.lib` on Windows) is part of the CUDA Toolkit. If using conda packages, it is contained in the `cuda-cudart-static` package.
```

Source builds require that the provided CUDA headers are of the same major.minor version as the `cuda.bindings` you're trying to build. Despite this requirement, note that the minor version compatibility is still maintained. Use the `CUDA_HOME` (or `CUDA_PATH`) environment variable to specify the location of your headers. For example, if your headers are located in `/usr/local/cuda/include`, then you should set `CUDA_HOME` with:

```console
$ export CUDA_HOME=/usr/local/cuda

> $ export LIBRARY_PATH=$CUDA_HOME/lib64:$LIBRARY_PATH

Reviewer: Note for the future: we really shouldn't need to set these when things are installed in standard locations.

Author: Yes, at some point we should revisit the build-time search behavior. Currently we limit to full explicitness at build time (no implicit auto-discovery behind users' back), while the ongoing path finder project (#451) focuses on run-time use cases. Once the path finder is mature we can consider using it at build time too (cc @rwgk for vis).

FWIW though, right now it is not as bad as it seems. If CUDA is installed via Linux system pkg mgr or conda, we need at most `$CUDA_HOME` defined. The system or conda compiler knows where the static library is. So this is required really only for CUDA installed to non-default locations.

BTW, Python projects can be built against CUDA wheels, as long as they don't contain device code that needs to be compiled by nvcc. I've enabled this for `cuquantum-python`/`nvmath-python`, and it's quite handy actually. It's only a matter of time that we also propagate this capability to `cuda-bindings`. The only downside is that if the C libraries are not yet public, building against public C wheels does not work for obvious reasons and we need a fallback (i.e. the current behavior).
